production-guide/en-US/Guide.asciidoc, before:

= Guide - Deploying for Production: apiman 1.2.1.Final
:homepage: http://apiman.io/
:doctype: book

== Deployment Tooling for apiman
This guide should serve as a guide to manually deploy apiman into production.  However, we also offer a 
simple shell script that can do much of the work for you.  It will likely always be a work in progress,
so many production deployers may not feel comfortable using it.  However, it can currently install the
following components:

* Elasticsearch (1.x)
* Keycloak (1.7.0)
* API Manager
* API Gateway

You can find the apiman production deployer here:

https://github.com/apiman/apiman-deployer/tree/apiman-1.2.1.Final

Simply download that script and run it on each of the machines you wish to install the various apiman
components!

== Architecture Summary
Before we get started, it may be useful to know the overall architecture of apiman.  Let's start with a 
picture!

.Architecture of apiman
image:images/apiman-architecture.png[Architecture of apiman]

The apiman solution is made up of a number of pieces, including:

* Keycloak Authentication Server
* Relational Database
* Elasticsearch Datastore
* apiman API Gateway
* apiman API Manager

The image above should give you an idea of how they all fit together.

== Database
You have a number of persistence options in both Keycloak and apiman, but this guide will focus on using an 
RDBMS instead of other options (e.g. Elasticsearch for apiman or mongodb for KC).

On a separate server, install a production ready database such as mysql, mariadb, or postresql.  You will 
want to create two schemas/databases:

* keycloak
* apiman

Make sure your DB is accessible remotely and enable whatever security options you need (SSL, users/passwords).  
We recommend using two different users and permissioning them appropriately (e.g. create a "sa_apiman" account 
and a "sa_keycloak" account).

After creating the ‘apiman' database, you can initialize it using the appropriate DDL for the database you 
selected.  We currently support mysql5/mariadb and postgresql.  The DDLs for these databases can be found in 
the quickstart/overlay ZIP file, or you can grab them directly from github.  For example:

https://github.com/apiman/apiman/tree/master/distro/data/src/main/resources/ddls

Make sure you grab the right one for whichever version of apiman you are going to be installing (*hint*: use 
the appropriate github tag).


== Elasticsearch
If you wish to enable metrics in apiman (who doesn't?) you'll need to install Elasticsearch.  This is 
because the API Gateway stores all metrics information in Elasticsearch (by default), and the API Manager 
queries that data to present analytics information in the UI.

Please see the Elasticsearch documentation for how to install and configure it in production.  Ultimately you 
will need Elasticsearch running in a well known and accessible location.  We also recommend you enable 
authentication (e.g. via Shield) and SSL.

TIP: The data in Elasticsearch is not backed up or stored in some other location - Elasticsearch is being 
used as the primary/canonical data store for the metrics information.  You may wish to configure backup 
procedures 


== Keycloak
In production, it is typically useful to deploy Keycloak server as a standalone solution.  For more 
specific information about how to configure a standalone Keycloak server, see the Keycloak documentation:  

http://keycloak.github.io/docs/userguide/html/server-installation.html

Once Keycloak is installed as a standalone server, you must configure the ‘apiman' realm.  This realm will 
be used for authentication into each of the apiman components (API Manager REST services, API Manager UI, 
API Gateway REST services, etc).

TIP: You can configure additional Keycloak Realms for use when using the apiman "Keycloak OAuth2 Policy".

Fortunately, apiman comes with a realm file you can import.  Simply log into your keycloak server and then 
create the apiman realm using this file:

https://github.com/apiman/apiman/blob/master/distro/data/src/main/resources/data/apiman-realm.json

Once you have created the apiman realm, you must use the keycloak UI to add your API Manager UI as a valid 
redirect URL for the ‘apimanui' client.  To do this, log into the keycloak admin console and choose the 
*apiman* realm.  Next click "clients" in the left navigation, and choose *apimanui* in the resulting list.  
From there you can add public URL if your API Manager UI to the list of "*_Valid Redirect URIs_*".  It might 
be something like:

    https://apimanager.mycompany.org:8443/apimanui/*

That will allow users of the API Manager UI to actually log in and be properly redirected back to the 
application!


== API Gateway

=== Installing the API Gateway
The easiest way to install just the API Gateway is to download and install the apiman quickstart overlay
and then remove the extraneous components.  Follow that up with some modification of the apiman.properties 
configuration file and you'll be Gatewaying in no time!

Here are the steps you should take to install a standalone API Gateway:

1. Download and unpack WildFly
2. Download apiman
3. Unpack apiman into WildFly
4. Remove unused apiman deployments from standalone/deployments

Which apiman deployments should you delete?  These:

    standalone/deployments/apiman-ds.xml
    standalone/deployments/apiman-es.war
    standalone/deployments/apiman.war
    standalone/deployments/apimanui.war

=== Configuring the API Gateway
==== Disabling the Keycloak Server
Because you will be using an external/standalone Keycloak server, it is useful to disable the Keycloak 
components that are bundled with the apiman quickstart.  To do that, make the following modification to 
the *standalone-apiman.xml* file:

```xml
<subsystem xmlns="urn:jboss:domain:keycloak:1.0">
  <auth-server name="main-auth-server">
    <enabled>false</enabled>
    <web-context>auth</web-context>
  </auth-server>
</subsystem>
```

==== Setting the API Gateway Public Endpoint
An important step is to let the API Gateway know what its public endpoint is.  This is important because 
the API Manager will sometimes ask the Gateway to report on the Managed Endpoint for a published API.

To set the public URL/endpoint of the API Gateway, add the following to apiman.properties:

    apiman-gateway.public-endpoint=https://api-gateway-host.org:8443/apiman-gateway/

WARNING: Please make sure to use your appropriate values for the host and port.

==== Configuring Keycloak Authentication for the Gateway API
The API Gateway has a REST based configuration API which the API Manager uses when publishing APIs to 
it.  This API is protected by Keycloak authentication.  The apiman quickstart assumes that the keycloak 
server is local, so you'll need to modify the *standalone-apiman.xml* file to point to the remote Keycloak 
instance.

Here is the relevant portion of the *standalone-apiman.xml* file that you must change:

```xml
<kc:realm xmlns:kc="urn:jboss:domain:keycloak:1.0" name="apiman">
  <kc:realm-public-key>MIGf..snip..QAB</kc:realm-public-key>
  <kc:auth-server-url>https://keycloak-host.org:8443/auth</kc:auth-server-url>
  <kc:ssl-required>none</kc:ssl-required>
  <kc:enable-cors>false</kc:enable-cors>
  <kc:principal-attribute>preferred_username</kc:principal-attribute>
</kc:realm>
```

==== Pointing the API Gateway to a Remote Elasticsearch
The API Gateway uses Elasticsearch in a number of ways, including:

* Storing configuration information
* Managing shared state across a cluster
* Storing metrics to share with the API Manager  (analytics)

In order to configure the gateway properly, you will need to configure the location of the Elasticsearch 
instance.  To do this, modify these properties in the *apiman.properties* file:

    apiman.es.protocol=http
    apiman.es.host=es.myorg.com
    apiman.es.port=9200
    apiman.es.username=es_admin
    apiman.es.password=es_admin_password

Obviously you will need to replace the values in the properties above with those appropriate for your 
installation of elasticsearch.


== API Manager
=== Installing the API Manager
The easiest way to install just the API Manager is to download and install the apiman quickstart overlay
and then remove the extraneous components.  Follow that up with a few configuration modifications, and 
you should have the Manager running in no time!

Here are the steps you should take to install a standalone API Manager:

1. Download and unpack WildFly
2. Download apiman
3. Unpack apiman into WildFly
4. Remove unused apiman deployments from standalone/deployments

Which apiman deployments should you delete?  These:

    standalone/deployments/apiman-es.war
    standalone/deployments/apiman-gateway-api.war
    standalone/deployments/apiman-gateway.war


=== Configuring the API Manager
==== Disabling the Keycloak Server
Because you will be using an external/standalone Keycloak server, it is useful to disable the Keycloak 
components that are bundled with the apiman quickstart.  To do that, make the following modification to 
the *standalone-apiman.xml* file:

```xml
<subsystem xmlns="urn:jboss:domain:keycloak:1.0">
  <auth-server name="main-auth-server">
    <enabled>false</enabled>
    <web-context>auth</web-context>
  </auth-server>
</subsystem>
```

==== Connecting to the Database
This guide assumes you are using a production ready RDBMS as the storage layer for the API Manager.  Note
that other options exist, but configuring them is out of scope for this guide.

Hopefully you've already created and initialized the database in the earlier section labeled "_Installing a
Database_".  So at this point you really only need to connect the API Manager up to the already existing 
database.  The following must be done in order to connect to your database:

* Deploy a JDBC driver compatible with your database
* Update the *apiman-ds.xml* datasource file (to point it at your database)
* Update the hibernate dialect in *apiman.properties*

First, you will need to deploy a JDBC driver that is compatible with whichever database you have chosen.  
Here are two popular drivers:

_*MySQL 5*_

https://repo1.maven.org/maven2/mysql/mysql-connector-java/5.1.33/mysql-connector-java-5.1.33.jar

_*Postgresql 9*_

https://repo1.maven.org/maven2/org/postgresql/postgresql/9.3-1102-jdbc41/postgresql-9.3-1102-jdbc41.jar

The easiest way to deploy the driver is to simply download it and copy it into the 
*wildfly/standalone/deployments* directory.

Next, you must update or replace the *apiman-ds.xml* file to something that is configured for your
 particular database.  Examples of appropriate datasource files for mysql and postgresql can be found here:

https://github.com/apiman/apiman/tree/master/distro/data/src/main/resources/sample-configs

These examples are also included in the apiman quickstart/overlay ZIP download.

Finally you must update the *apiman.properties* file to configure the hibernate dialect for your database.  
Popular dialects for mysql and postgresql are:

* _*MySQL 5*_: org.hibernate.dialect.MySQL5Dialect
* _*Postgresql 9*_: org.hibernate.dialect.PostgreSQLDialect

Here is the line you should change in the *apiman.properties* file:

    apiman.hibernate.dialect=io.apiman.manager.api.jpa.ApimanH2Dialect

Change the value of that property to the appropriate dialect for your database.

==== Point the API Manager to the API Gateway
Now that both your API Manager and API Gateway are running, you need to hook them up.  This just means 
telling API Manager where the gateway lives.  There is an admin UI page in apiman that will let you do 
this.  Simply navigate here:

https://api-manager-host.org:8443/apimanui/api-manager/admin/gateways

From there you will be able to click on the gateway and modify its settings.  Make sure to use the *Test*
button on the Edit Gateway UI page to make sure you got the settings right!  Don't worry, the *Test* button
will simply try to make a connection to the API Gateway's configuration URL, asking it for the current
Gateway status.  If the Gateway responds as expected, then you can be confident that your settings are
correct.

TIP: You will need to log into the UI.  The default credentials are:  admin/admin123!

TIP: You may have changed the default user credentials when you installed and configured keycloak.  If 
so, make sure you use those credentials.

==== Configuring Keycloak Authentication for the Manager API and UI
The API Manager has a REST based API which the User Interface uses for all actions taken.  It can also be
used directly for automation and/or integration purposes.  This API is protected by Keycloak authentication. 
The apiman quickstart assumes that the keycloak server is local, so you'll need to modify the 
*standalone-apiman.xml* file to point to the remote Keycloak instance.

Here is the relevant portion of the *standalone-apiman.xml* file that you must change:

```xml
<kc:realm xmlns:kc="urn:jboss:domain:keycloak:1.0" name="apiman">
  <kc:realm-public-key>MIGf..snip..QAB</kc:realm-public-key>
  <kc:auth-server-url>https://keycloak-host.org:8443/auth</kc:auth-server-url>
  <kc:ssl-required>none</kc:ssl-required>
  <kc:enable-cors>false</kc:enable-cors>
  <kc:principal-attribute>preferred_username</kc:principal-attribute>
</kc:realm>
```

==== Pointing the API Manager to a Remote Elasticsearch
The API Manager uses Elasticsearch for analysis of metrics.  This metrics data is stored in Elasticsearch
by the API Gateway whenever API requests are handled.  Therefore, the API Manager and API Gateway must 
talk to the same Elasticsearch instance/cluster.

To configure Elasticsearch for the API Manager, modify these properties in the *apiman.properties* file:

    apiman.es.protocol=http
    apiman.es.host=es.myorg.com
    apiman.es.port=9200
    apiman.es.username=es_admin
    apiman.es.password=es_admin_password

Obviously you will need to replace the values in the properties above with those appropriate for your 
installation of elasticsearch.


:numbered!:

Commit message:

added a notice about secrets in the realm file

production-guide/en-US/Guide.asciidoc, after:

= Guide - Deploying for Production: apiman 1.2.1.Final
:homepage: http://apiman.io/
:doctype: book

== Deployment Tooling for apiman
This guide should serve as a guide to manually deploy apiman into production.  However, we also offer a 
simple shell script that can do much of the work for you.  It will likely always be a work in progress,
so many production deployers may not feel comfortable using it.  However, it can currently install the
following components:

* Elasticsearch (1.x)
* Keycloak (1.7.0)
* API Manager
* API Gateway

You can find the apiman production deployer here:

https://github.com/apiman/apiman-deployer/tree/apiman-1.2.1.Final

Simply download that script and run it on each of the machines you wish to install the various apiman
components!

== Architecture Summary
Before we get started, it may be useful to know the overall architecture of apiman.  Let's start with a 
picture!

.Architecture of apiman
image:images/apiman-architecture.png[Architecture of apiman]

The apiman solution is made up of a number of pieces, including:

* Keycloak Authentication Server
* Relational Database
* Elasticsearch Datastore
* apiman API Gateway
* apiman API Manager

The image above should give you an idea of how they all fit together.

== Database
You have a number of persistence options in both Keycloak and apiman, but this guide will focus on using an 
RDBMS instead of other options (e.g. Elasticsearch for apiman or mongodb for KC).

On a separate server, install a production ready database such as mysql, mariadb, or postresql.  You will 
want to create two schemas/databases:

* keycloak
* apiman

Make sure your DB is accessible remotely and enable whatever security options you need (SSL, users/passwords).  
We recommend using two different users and permissioning them appropriately (e.g. create a "sa_apiman" account 
and a "sa_keycloak" account).

After creating the ‘apiman' database, you can initialize it using the appropriate DDL for the database you 
selected.  We currently support mysql5/mariadb and postgresql.  The DDLs for these databases can be found in 
the quickstart/overlay ZIP file, or you can grab them directly from github.  For example:

https://github.com/apiman/apiman/tree/master/distro/data/src/main/resources/ddls

Make sure you grab the right one for whichever version of apiman you are going to be installing (*hint*: use 
the appropriate github tag).


== Elasticsearch
If you wish to enable metrics in apiman (who doesn't?) you'll need to install Elasticsearch.  This is 
because the API Gateway stores all metrics information in Elasticsearch (by default), and the API Manager 
queries that data to present analytics information in the UI.

Please see the Elasticsearch documentation for how to install and configure it in production.  Ultimately you 
will need Elasticsearch running in a well known and accessible location.  We also recommend you enable 
authentication (e.g. via Shield) and SSL.

TIP: The data in Elasticsearch is not backed up or stored in some other location - Elasticsearch is being 
used as the primary/canonical data store for the metrics information.  You may wish to configure backup 
procedures 


== Keycloak
In production, it is typically useful to deploy Keycloak server as a standalone solution.  For more 
specific information about how to configure a standalone Keycloak server, see the Keycloak documentation:  

http://keycloak.github.io/docs/userguide/html/server-installation.html

Once Keycloak is installed as a standalone server, you must configure the ‘apiman' realm.  This realm will 
be used for authentication into each of the apiman components (API Manager REST services, API Manager UI, 
API Gateway REST services, etc).

TIP: You can configure additional Keycloak Realms for use when using the apiman "Keycloak OAuth2 Policy".

Fortunately, apiman comes with a realm file you can import.  Simply log into your keycloak server and then 
create the apiman realm using this file:

https://github.com/apiman/apiman/blob/master/distro/data/src/main/resources/data/apiman-realm.json

TIP: The realm file contains some credentials/secrets that you may want to modify.  The defaults are obviously not secure.

Once you have created the apiman realm, you must use the keycloak UI to add your API Manager UI as a valid 
redirect URL for the ‘apimanui' client.  To do this, log into the keycloak admin console and choose the 
*apiman* realm.  Next click "clients" in the left navigation, and choose *apimanui* in the resulting list.  
From there you can add public URL if your API Manager UI to the list of "*_Valid Redirect URIs_*".  It might 
be something like:

    https://apimanager.mycompany.org:8443/apimanui/*

That will allow users of the API Manager UI to actually log in and be properly redirected back to the 
application!


== API Gateway

=== Installing the API Gateway
The easiest way to install just the API Gateway is to download and install the apiman quickstart overlay
and then remove the extraneous components.  Follow that up with some modification of the apiman.properties 
configuration file and you'll be Gatewaying in no time!

Here are the steps you should take to install a standalone API Gateway:

1. Download and unpack WildFly
2. Download apiman
3. Unpack apiman into WildFly
4. Remove unused apiman deployments from standalone/deployments

Which apiman deployments should you delete?  These:

    standalone/deployments/apiman-ds.xml
    standalone/deployments/apiman-es.war
    standalone/deployments/apiman.war
    standalone/deployments/apimanui.war

=== Configuring the API Gateway
==== Disabling the Keycloak Server
Because you will be using an external/standalone Keycloak server, it is useful to disable the Keycloak 
components that are bundled with the apiman quickstart.  To do that, make the following modification to 
the *standalone-apiman.xml* file:

```xml
<subsystem xmlns="urn:jboss:domain:keycloak:1.0">
  <auth-server name="main-auth-server">
    <enabled>false</enabled>
    <web-context>auth</web-context>
  </auth-server>
</subsystem>
```

==== Setting the API Gateway Public Endpoint
An important step is to let the API Gateway know what its public endpoint is.  This is important because 
the API Manager will sometimes ask the Gateway to report on the Managed Endpoint for a published API.

To set the public URL/endpoint of the API Gateway, add the following to apiman.properties:

    apiman-gateway.public-endpoint=https://api-gateway-host.org:8443/apiman-gateway/

WARNING: Please make sure to use your appropriate values for the host and port.

==== Configuring Keycloak Authentication for the Gateway API
The API Gateway has a REST based configuration API which the API Manager uses when publishing APIs to 
it.  This API is protected by Keycloak authentication.  The apiman quickstart assumes that the keycloak 
server is local, so you'll need to modify the *standalone-apiman.xml* file to point to the remote Keycloak 
instance.

Here is the relevant portion of the *standalone-apiman.xml* file that you must change:

```xml
<kc:realm xmlns:kc="urn:jboss:domain:keycloak:1.0" name="apiman">
  <kc:realm-public-key>MIGf..snip..QAB</kc:realm-public-key>
  <kc:auth-server-url>https://keycloak-host.org:8443/auth</kc:auth-server-url>
  <kc:ssl-required>none</kc:ssl-required>
  <kc:enable-cors>false</kc:enable-cors>
  <kc:principal-attribute>preferred_username</kc:principal-attribute>
</kc:realm>
```

==== Pointing the API Gateway to a Remote Elasticsearch
The API Gateway uses Elasticsearch in a number of ways, including:

* Storing configuration information
* Managing shared state across a cluster
* Storing metrics to share with the API Manager  (analytics)

In order to configure the gateway properly, you will need to configure the location of the Elasticsearch 
instance.  To do this, modify these properties in the *apiman.properties* file:

    apiman.es.protocol=http
    apiman.es.host=es.myorg.com
    apiman.es.port=9200
    apiman.es.username=es_admin
    apiman.es.password=es_admin_password

Obviously you will need to replace the values in the properties above with those appropriate for your 
installation of elasticsearch.


== API Manager
=== Installing the API Manager
The easiest way to install just the API Manager is to download and install the apiman quickstart overlay
and then remove the extraneous components.  Follow that up with a few configuration modifications, and 
you should have the Manager running in no time!

Here are the steps you should take to install a standalone API Manager:

1. Download and unpack WildFly
2. Download apiman
3. Unpack apiman into WildFly
4. Remove unused apiman deployments from standalone/deployments

Which apiman deployments should you delete?  These:

    standalone/deployments/apiman-es.war
    standalone/deployments/apiman-gateway-api.war
    standalone/deployments/apiman-gateway.war


=== Configuring the API Manager
==== Disabling the Keycloak Server
Because you will be using an external/standalone Keycloak server, it is useful to disable the Keycloak 
components that are bundled with the apiman quickstart.  To do that, make the following modification to 
the *standalone-apiman.xml* file:

```xml
<subsystem xmlns="urn:jboss:domain:keycloak:1.0">
  <auth-server name="main-auth-server">
    <enabled>false</enabled>
    <web-context>auth</web-context>
  </auth-server>
</subsystem>
```

==== Connecting to the Database
This guide assumes you are using a production ready RDBMS as the storage layer for the API Manager.  Note
that other options exist, but configuring them is out of scope for this guide.

Hopefully you've already created and initialized the database in the earlier section labeled "_Installing a
Database_".  So at this point you really only need to connect the API Manager up to the already existing 
database.  The following must be done in order to connect to your database:

* Deploy a JDBC driver compatible with your database
* Update the *apiman-ds.xml* datasource file (to point it at your database)
* Update the hibernate dialect in *apiman.properties*

First, you will need to deploy a JDBC driver that is compatible with whichever database you have chosen.  
Here are two popular drivers:

_*MySQL 5*_

https://repo1.maven.org/maven2/mysql/mysql-connector-java/5.1.33/mysql-connector-java-5.1.33.jar

_*Postgresql 9*_

https://repo1.maven.org/maven2/org/postgresql/postgresql/9.3-1102-jdbc41/postgresql-9.3-1102-jdbc41.jar

The easiest way to deploy the driver is to simply download it and copy it into the 
*wildfly/standalone/deployments* directory.

Next, you must update or replace the *apiman-ds.xml* file to something that is configured for your
 particular database.  Examples of appropriate datasource files for mysql and postgresql can be found here:

https://github.com/apiman/apiman/tree/master/distro/data/src/main/resources/sample-configs

These examples are also included in the apiman quickstart/overlay ZIP download.

Finally you must update the *apiman.properties* file to configure the hibernate dialect for your database.  
Popular dialects for mysql and postgresql are:

* _*MySQL 5*_: org.hibernate.dialect.MySQL5Dialect
* _*Postgresql 9*_: org.hibernate.dialect.PostgreSQLDialect

Here is the line you should change in the *apiman.properties* file:

    apiman.hibernate.dialect=io.apiman.manager.api.jpa.ApimanH2Dialect

Change the value of that property to the appropriate dialect for your database.

==== Point the API Manager to the API Gateway
Now that both your API Manager and API Gateway are running, you need to hook them up.  This just means 
telling API Manager where the gateway lives.  There is an admin UI page in apiman that will let you do 
this.  Simply navigate here:

https://api-manager-host.org:8443/apimanui/api-manager/admin/gateways

From there you will be able to click on the gateway and modify its settings.  Make sure to use the *Test*
button on the Edit Gateway UI page to make sure you got the settings right!  Don't worry, the *Test* button
will simply try to make a connection to the API Gateway's configuration URL, asking it for the current
Gateway status.  If the Gateway responds as expected, then you can be confident that your settings are
correct.

TIP: You will need to log into the UI.  The default credentials are:  admin/admin123!

TIP: You may have changed the default user credentials when you installed and configured keycloak.  If 
so, make sure you use those credentials.

==== Configuring Keycloak Authentication for the Manager API and UI
The API Manager has a REST based API which the User Interface uses for all actions taken.  It can also be
used directly for automation and/or integration purposes.  This API is protected by Keycloak authentication. 
The apiman quickstart assumes that the keycloak server is local, so you'll need to modify the 
*standalone-apiman.xml* file to point to the remote Keycloak instance.

Here is the relevant portion of the *standalone-apiman.xml* file that you must change:

```xml
<kc:realm xmlns:kc="urn:jboss:domain:keycloak:1.0" name="apiman">
  <kc:realm-public-key>MIGf..snip..QAB</kc:realm-public-key>
  <kc:auth-server-url>https://keycloak-host.org:8443/auth</kc:auth-server-url>
  <kc:ssl-required>none</kc:ssl-required>
  <kc:enable-cors>false</kc:enable-cors>
  <kc:principal-attribute>preferred_username</kc:principal-attribute>
</kc:realm>
```

==== Pointing the API Manager to a Remote Elasticsearch
The API Manager uses Elasticsearch for analysis of metrics.  This metrics data is stored in Elasticsearch
by the API Gateway whenever API requests are handled.  Therefore, the API Manager and API Gateway must 
talk to the same Elasticsearch instance/cluster.

To configure Elasticsearch for the API Manager, modify these properties in the *apiman.properties* file:

    apiman.es.protocol=http
    apiman.es.host=es.myorg.com
    apiman.es.port=9200
    apiman.es.username=es_admin
    apiman.es.password=es_admin_password

Obviously you will need to replace the values in the properties above with those appropriate for your 
installation of elasticsearch.


:numbered!:
